25 years ago scientist named
Carl Manchester
took his kid to work because it
was Take Your Kid To Work Day.
Now. as you can all see.
two normal panes of glass.
Whoa. Daddy. watch my new trick!
Not now. Ray. Daddy's busy
being a scientist.
- But...
- Go skateboard out in the hall.
Yes. Daddy.
Now. observe this
first pane of glass.
I broke it.
But watch.
I move this identical
pane of glass here
into my trans-molecular
densitizer.
which I invented.
and...
...I engage power.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ohhh...
Now then...
Ohh...
The glass is now indestructible.
Thank you.
Now let's all leave my device
unsupervised in this room
and discuss it in the next room.
Good idea.
Daddy!
Hey. Daddy!
Daddy! Whoa!
Whoa!
Holy gosh!
Raymond!
- Oh!
- Son!
- Are you all right?
- Yeah.
I feel great!
Oh. thank jeepers!
When I saw you there
being bombarded
with the proton beams. I...
Wait!
Ow!
Did that hurt?
Well. yeah. You cracked me
over the head with a metal bat.
Hey. it only hurt for a second.
No scratches? No bump?
No throbbing?
Ray. do you know
what this means?
Now I get to crack
you in the head?
It means you are
very special now.
and when you grow up.
you could be...
Captain Man!
What about Captain Man?
Did you guys see what
he did yesterday?
Can we focus on algebra?
There was a fire at a pet store
and Captain Man ran inside.
right through the flames.
and saved all the animals
and he didn't even get hurt.
Captain Man never gets hurt.
He's a beast.
You know. some day.
when you guys are cleaning
my swimming pool because you
failed this algebra test.
then flunked out of school.
I hope you remember
this moment. 'cause I will.
Hey. here's a cool
job I could do.
Foot model!
You guys. can we go over
the list for my birthday party?
- Sure!
- No!
- But I invited 52 people.
And nobody's texted me back yet.
What does that mean?
That people have been
to your parties before?
Oh. come on. my parties
aren't that bad.
Christmas.
Three years ago.
Fifteen kids ended up
in the hospital!
- 'Cause of your raw turkey.
- It was turkey sushi.
- A boy almost died.
- Almost!
Okay. first person
who helps me find
an after school job gets
this bowl of pinecones.
Why do you even need a job?
You know. to learn
responsibility.
- Challenge myself.
- He wants money.
- I want money!
- Money's good.
Can we please talk
about my birthday?
Oh. am I gonna have
to slap a boy?
Henry. can you please tell
me. how in the world...
Oh. I didn't know Jasper
and Charlotte were here.
- We're studying.
- Are we?
Mom. we're right in
the middle of some...
- I'm not interrupting.
- ...thing.
I just have a question
about your underwear.
Mom!
I'd like to hear the question.
What is the issue
with Henry's underwear?
Mom!
Mom. I'm not okay!
Piper. we're trying
to study here.
I'm talking to my mother.
What's wrong. baby?
- Jessica unfollowed me!
- No one cares!
Henry. Why would Jessica
unfollow you?
'Cause she posted a pic of
her. me and Allison.
So I posted a comment that said.
"Oh. and you look so gorgeous."
Well. that's nice.
No! 'Cause Allison thought
I meant she looked gorgeous.
so she posted a comment that
said. "Thanks. I-O-I."
And so then. Jessica got
jealous and unfollowed me
and now I hate myself
and I'm gonna die!
I'll call Jessica's mom
and talk to her.
No! That's not okay!
Dang it. All these jobs say
I've gotta have skills.
- So. you've got tons of skills.
- Name one.
- You're a great dancer.
- No. I'm not.
You could take lessons.
- Oh. my gosh.
- What?
I'm... I'm not great
at anything.
This is tragic.
Here. let me see.
I'm just a bit pile of average.
- Okay. here's a job.
- Where?
At a store called
Junk-N-Stuff.
It says. needed. part-time
helper for various duties.
Doodies.
And. see. it says no special
skills necessary.
That's me! I've gotta go
get that job!
- You get the pinecones.
- Sweet.
- Good luck. Hen!
- Thanks!
If you give me a pinecone.
I'll lick my elbow.
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
- What are you lookin' at?
- Uh. nothing.
Just. uh...
this turtle's butt.
Sorry.
Um. my name is Henry Hart.
I'm here about the job?
The job.
Um... did that plant burp?
- To back.
- Come back?
- Go back.
- Where?
- To the back.
- Oh. go to the back.
- Take the elevator down.
- What floor?
- Down.
- The "Down" floor?
- Good luck.
- Take.
Uh. you. too.
Hey. what's up?
Does my basement smell
like chicken poop?
Yes!
What?
I'm down in my basement
with Charlotte
and she says is smells like
poop... from a chicken.
A sick chicken.
What are you and Charlotte
doing in your basement?
He wants to have his birthday
party down here
in this chicken toilet.
This is my home!
Guys. I can't talk right now.
I'm at a job interview.
So. I've gotta go...
Henry!
Are you still there?
Whoa!
Henry?
- Henry?
- I'll call you back.
Hello?
Hey. how are ya?
Cool! Thanks!
Great to meet ya. I'm doin'
good. What's your name?
Um... I'm Henry Hart.
- I'm here about the job?
- Age?
Thirteen.
I'll be fourteen...
on my next birthday.
Ah. so. you're aging
sequentially.
- I like that.
- Thanks.
- My name's Ray.
- Hi. Ray.
You ask a lot of questions.
I don't think I've asked
any questions.
- Chocolate or vanilla?
- Vanilla.
- Helicopters or kangaroos?
- Helicopters?
Love it! Scrambled eggs
or dynamite?
- Both?
- Maybe.
Complete this sentence.
I'm sorry. mother. I didn't mean
for my elephant to... blank?
- Uh. lick dad.
- Ha. Ha.
Ha. Ha.
- Oh. that's not funny.
- No.
Um. this. uh. job interview...
Do you want it to be
a job interview?
Um. what is the job?
What do you think the job is?
Uh. well. the ad said
"Part-time Helper."
So. I'm thinking maybe you
need someone to...
to help you. you know.
part... time.
Do you ever dream
about sleeping?
- No.
- Good!
If you did. you'd be dead.
I am so confused.
- David?
- Henry.
- Can I trust you?
- Sure.
- Can you keep a secret?
- Totally.
So I can trust you
to keep a secret?
Yes. sir.
- I'm gonna blow a bubble.
- You're gonna blow a bubble?
Then I'm gonna blow your mind.
You're... you're
Captain Man!
That's right. Henry.
Oh. hold on a second.
This stupid zipper!
It always sticks!
Come... Oh. that's my skin.
There we go!
Ha ha. Woo!
Always good to keep
the old zipper lubed.
I... I can't believe
I'm standing here
talking to Captain Man.
Why? Are you a fan?
Do you like me?
Most people like me.
but not everyone.
- Yeah. I'm a huge fan.
- Oh.
Oh. man. I've gotta tell
Jasper about this.
He's gonna freak when I tell him
I'm standing here next
to Captain... Ah!
Sorry. but you can't
tell your friends about this.
Okay. but...
did you have to melt my phone?
I'll get you a new one.
- Really?
- No.
So. Henry. tell me why
you want a job.
Well. you know. to...
to learn responsibility
and challenge myself.
- So. you want money.
- Lots of money.
Oh. is this the ladies' room?
No. ma'am. you're not
supposed to be down here.
What an interesting place.
Thank you. but I'm conducting
a job interview.
and you're very old.
so could you
please just get back
in the elevator?
Oh. I'll just take me phone
out of me purse
and call me nephew.
Great. I'll just turn my back
and look at something.
What are you lookin' at?
Captain Man!
Goodbye forever. Captain Man.
No!
Get off my back!
Quit talking like
a British lady!
Don't pull me wig over me eyes!
I can't see!
Captain Man! Capt...
Captain Man. are you okay?
Captain Man is always okay.
- Nice work. Boris.
- The boy did good job.
W-W-W-ait. You know him?
That's Boris.
He works for me.
What?
How'd you know he wasn't
really an old lady?
Uh. 'cause of the tattoo
on his neck.
I...I saw it on him up
in the store.
And his boobs are too wobbly.
True. Go get those
under control.
Henry. you have a sharp eye.
Good instincts.
A nice shirt.
- And you're brave.
- Thanks.
Do you know how to
make sandwiches?
I do.
Then you have all the
qualities I'm looking for.
But. I... I don't...
You're the one. Henry.
The one to make you a sandwich?
No.
- Oh.
- Well. yes.
But... everybody gets
old some day.
even Captain Man.
- I can't do this forever.
- Do what?
Protect our town.
Swellview. from bad guys.
- bad things. bad smells.
- Smells?
- You wanna be horrified?
- No.
Watch this!
Poopy. no!
Who's the freak in the diaper?
The Toddler.
And don't let the diaper
fool ya. kid.
- He's pure evil.
- Wow.
I'll show ya "wow".
Watch this secret video
that was intercepted
by my people
who intercept secret videos.
You were supposed to bring me
my applesauce two minutes ago!
I'm sorry. Toddler.
Sorry don't make baby happy.
Pffffft!
Toddler. good news.
The radioactive signite is here.
Really? Wahoo!
That means we can begin
Phase 2 of my plan.
Will someone wipe my face?
- No!
- Pffffff! Pffffft!
Dang. that takes so much effort.
Have one of our scientists
build me a device to do that.
- To do what. sir?
- This!
Pffffft! Pffffft!
Pffffft!
Oh!
You see that?
He's a maniac.
And there's more
maniacs like him...
all dangers to the good
citizens of Swellview.
Well. yeah. but. we've
got you to stop 'em.
True.
But I'm not as young
as I used to be.
I'm almost 34.
I need help.
And. some day. someone's gonna
have to take over for me.
Like...
like me?
What do you say. Henry?
Do you wanna be my sidekick?
- How much does it pay?
- $9 an hour.
- Whoa!
- I know. right?
Oh!
Whoa!
Check this place out.
Hey. look at this thing.
Wow. a bucket of swords!
What are they doing here?
- Friends of yours?
- Uh-huh.
Jasper. please don't
embarrass me.
- Excuse me. sir?
- He's gonna do it.
- Yes?
- How much?
Each sword is $100.
No. no. now much for the bucket?
The bucket?
That's not a bucket.
That's a barrel.
It's close enough to a bucket.
- I collect buckets.
- Don't say it.
I'm a bucketeer.
Well. they seem like nice kids.
Yeah. their names
are Jasper and Charlotte.
- I've known them ever since...
- Get rid of them.
I'll get rid of them.
Wow. what a bucket.
Ha! The kid sure loves
that bucket.
- Hey!
- Henry!
- Did you get the job?
- Why are you guys here?
You hung up on us.
Did you get the job?
- Yeah.
- Cool!
Does that mean I can get
a discount on this bucket?
Dude. it's my first day here.
- You've gotta...
- Excuse me.
Mysterious foreign man?
Do Henry's friends
get a discount here?
That plant just shook its head.
- Wow!
- Will you get him outta here!
How much for the plant?
- The plant is not for sale.
- Bye. guys!
Come on. I'll give ya
seven bucks for it
and one Canadian Loonie!
- Ah. it spit in my eye!
- Ha!
I told you Canadian
money upsets people.
Wait. what about my bucket?
Just let me bring the bucket!
- Go on!
- I want my bucket!
We'll get you a bucket some day!
Carry on.
I've gotta wear this?
All good sidekicks
wear costumes.
Sorry. but..
this is bad.
I have more options.
Too sparkly.
Unh. it's a little Broadway.
- Too tight.
- Uh. way too tight.
Oh. man...
I ate a lot of fruit.
Hey! I like it.
I like it. but...
it takes a lot of time
to put on.
And that's... why you'll need
this special bubble gum.
- Special...
- Read the instructions.
"Chew gum. Blow bubble.
Fight crime."
Now...
What's this for?
- It means we're engaged.
- What? You...
Nah. I'm just kidding.
That's how I'll contact you.
Well. why can't you
just call me?
- I melted your phone.
- Right.
Now. listen closely.
- That wristband flashes.
- It flashes.
A triple flashing light
means emergency.
like major sitch goin' down.
so get here fast.
Right.
A double flashing light means
it's just important.
And what does a single
flashing light mean?
Just to. you know.
shoot me a text whenever.
- Got it.
- Now. raise your right hand.
Spread your fingers.
- Turn your head and cough.
- What?
Ha. ha. joke.
Put your left hand over
your right lung...
and repeat after me...
- I. Henry Hart.
Pledge to be an awesome
sidekick to Captain Man...
sidekick to Captain Man.
And to never ever ever
tell anyone
that I am Captain Man's
secret sidekick.
And to never ever tell anyone
that I am Captain Man's
secret sidekick.
- You left out one "ever."
- Ever.
It is done.
- It feels good!
- Yeah.
Uh-oh!
What's up. Gooch?
Someone sabotaged the bridge
over the Jandy River.
- The bridge is down?
- Affirmative!
- That means yes.
- Yeah. I got that.
- Situation?
- Cars in the water.
- Lives in danger.
- Understood.
Phase 2 of the Toddler's plan.
- Let's ride!
- But...
Ride where?
We've got people in the Jandy
River that need saving.
- Come on!
- But...
You mean we're going
there? Together?
- Like right now?
- Yeah. get into your tube.
- Ready?
- For what?
Up the tube!
W-W-W-Wait.
I don't know how to...
Woooo!
Just tap your belt buckle.
Ah!
Up the tube!
Ooooohhhh!
And we're
gonna come back to that story
so we can take you live
to the Jandy Bridge
which mysteriously collapsed
a little over an hour ago.
Jake. honey. come look.
The Jandy Bridge collapsed.
What?
Ah. no. that was
my favorite bridge.
We have several
people and cars in the water.
People are injured.
- What happened?
- They're not sure.
- They think...
- Mom. Dad I hate my life.
And I'm not okay!
Not now. honey. Daddy's
favorite bridge collapsed.
- Who cares?
- Your daddy cares.
But every time I try to watch
a video on my phone.
it keeps freezing because
our stupid Wi-Fi signal
only gives me on bar in my room.
Then just wait 'til the video
loads before you watch it.
Oh. so we're living
like animals now.
Later.
I'll run away.
I'll do it.
Rescue workers were unable
to get their equipment down
the muddy embankment.
Luckily. Captain Man
arrived on the scene.
leapt into the water
and saved the endangered
citizens from drowning.
And. Ron. is it true that.
for the first time. Captain Man
wasn't working alone?
That's correct.
It appears Captain Man
has teamed up
with a new sidekick who
apparently goes by the name...
Kid Danger.
Huh.
Well. once again. Swellview
owes a big thanks
to Captain Man and.
apparently. Kid Danger.
Hey. Henry. did you get the job?
Yeah.
Just finished my first day.
- So. how was work?
- Uh. it was pretty...
interesting.
Okay. George has six
times as many
dimes as quarters
in his piggybank.
Oh. yeah! Oh. yeah!
- I got two responses!
- To what?
My birthday party invitations.
Two guys said they might come.
Who?
Sydney Birnbaum and Oliver Pook.
- Ugh!
- Those guys eat bugs.
So? They're people.
- When'd you get a new phone?
- Oh. uh...
mine broke. so...
What are you doing?
You've gotta get this new app.
Wait. what app?
Hey. you never told us what
you do at your new job.
Ah. right. right.
- What do you do?
- I. uh...
App installed.
Oh. great. yeah.
tell me about the app.
It plays a billion
sound effects like...
school bell.
Cat choking on a hairball.
Ice cream truck.
You have the brain of a hamster.
- I wish.
- Give me my phone.
Hey. did you guys hear what
Captain Man did yesterday?
Oh. yeah. the Dandy Bridge?
So. if you divide
nine X by the square root...
They say he pulled seven
people out of the river
- and saved their lives.
- Yeah.
And he has a new sidekick.
There's a story about
it on my newsfeed.
Hey. hey. let's talk about
your birthday party.
- Shhhhh!
- Here.
"For the first time ever
Captain Man was not
working alone."
Whoa. how'd that break?
"According to witnesses
on the scene.
"Captain Man was heard
calling his new sidekick
Kid Danger."
You just slapped my phone
right out of my hand.
Yeah. sorry. sorry.
I'm just...
I'm worried you
and I gotta study.
and I'm worried about
Jasper's party.
and. just. I don't know.
I just...
A triple
flashing light means emergency.
like major sitch going down.
so get here fast.
Uh. why don't you guys
go to the zoo?
Why?
You know I got banned
from the zoo.
What is that?
- What. my thumb?
- The bracelet.
That's beeping and flashing
on your wrist.
Uh... it's. uh...
- it's a timer.
- What are you timing?
- Muffins?
- You're making muffins?
- Uh. birthday muffins.
- Yes!
Dang. there goes the surprise.
I'll just turn this off.
I'll just push the button.
- It's still on.
- No. it's not.
We can see it flashing
through your pants.
And we can still hear
it beeping.
I know.
I. uh...
I need a pickle!
Wait! I thought
we were gonna study.
Bring me back a pickle!
Wait! Wait!
What's wrong?
Ray?
Woooo!
Henry? What goes on?
You triple beeped me.
You said that means
there's an emergency.
Oh. right. sorry.
I was just getting a ukulele
lesson from Leylani.
Take a break.
Oooh. yeah.
- So. what's up?
- We have a situation.
And by we. I mean our city.
all of Swellview.
Check this out.
The Toddler?
He's the one that destroyed
the Jandy Bridge yesterday.
- Why?
- To set up Phase 3 of his plan.
What's Phase 3?
It's a phase that comes
right after Phase 2.
but before Phase 4.
if there is a Phase 4.
But if there's no Phase 4.
then Phase 3 would be
the Final Phase.
What happens in Phase 3?
- Listen.
- Okay.
While you and I were pulling
people out of the river.
the Toddler's men stole
5000 packages of diapers.
- Can you guess why?
- Uh...
To bombard the diapers with
radioactive zenite particles.
I would not have guessed that.
Do you wanna see what happens
when a baby pees into a diaper
that's been bombarded with
radioactive zenite particles?
- No.
- Watch this.
Why does he ask me?
What's taking so long?
Oh. he hasn't peed yet.
Well. give him some
more apple juice.
Wait! Wait! He...
I think he's peeing!
Goody!
Here comes the fun.
- Oh. my gosh!
- Uh-huh.
- Kill you!
- Kill everyone!
- Monster babies?
- That's right. Henry.
Unless we stop the Toddler.
- Are you with me?
- Well. yeah.
Well. good. Meet me here
tonight at 7:00 sharp.
Wait. Wait. Wait.
Tonight?
- No. I can't do tonight.
- What? What do you mean?
My best friend Jasper.
He's having his birthday
party tonight.
P-P-Party?
Henry. there's a freakish
man-toddler out there
about to turn all the babies
in Swellview into that.
I'm fussy!
And you're worried
about a party?
But... but Jasper's been my
best friend since we were five.
Okay. Okay. It's cool.
Uh. you go to Jasper's party.
I'll handle the Toddler
by myself. Don't worry about it.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
I've battled the Toddler
alone before.
Almost killed me. but whatever.
- Now I feel all bad.
- Nah. don't feel bad.
I'll save the world.
You go have a fun time
at Jasper's birthday party.
Dance. Drink some
fruity punch.
Leylani. turn on the hot tub!
Yay!
You're supposed to be here.
- Okay. yeah.
- Hurry. okay?
- Jasper.
- But nobody's here.
- Jasper. I'm on my way.
- You got the muffins?
No. I'm not bringing
the muffins.
Did you hear about Captain Man?
- What about Captain Man?
- He got captured.
- What?
- Henry. am I handsome?
Though while reports
are unclear.
we do have confirmation
that Captain Man
has been captured and is being
held at a secret location.
Captured?
Dang it. Ray.
Next. why squirrels love nuts.
- Henry?
Uh. I can't talk.
I'm naked.
You said there'd be ladies.
They'll be here.
Hey. you guys like my shirt?
It was a birthday present.
From my aunt.
It's okay.
It'd look better
if you wore boinks.
What are boinks?
Check this!
They really trim your trunk.
- Do they?
- Heck. yeah.
Slap my gut.
Nyaaa.
Yeaaah...
Me. next.
Wow. firm.
Wow.
Cool party!
Where's Henry?
♪ Nya nya nya nya nya nya ♪
Come on. Toddler. let me outta
this thing before I puke.
No!
This is my playroom.
my toys. my rules!
You sick. underdeveloped maniac!
- Take that!
- Ow!
- Jeez. man!
- Oh!
I thought the famous Captain Man
couldn't be injured.
He can't. but he does feel pain.
You're not allowed to talk
unless you raise your hand
and I call on you.
you stupidhead!
That's what you get!
Come on. Toddler.
your insane plan won't work.
A lot you know.
What?
- You're late.
- Well. sorry. but...
I'm kind of in the middle
of something.
Is something more important
than my birthday party?
Uh...
Forty-eight hours from now.
every baby in Swellview will
be a hideous monster.
Yeah. this is pretty important.
But you promised me that...
Henry. will you get your
butt to this party.
'cause. so far.
it's just me. Jasper.
and two dorks that keep slapping
each other's boinks.
- I've gotta go.
- Henry!
Come on. Toddler. put me down
from this thing.
Oh. it's squeezing
me in bad ways.
No!
And now. Captain Man.
I have thousands of babies
to monsterize.
And to make sure that you
don't try to stop me.
- I will now destroy you.
- You idiot!
- I can't be destroyed.
- I know that!!
- But you can be dropped...
- Ahhh!
Ahhhh!
...into my bottomless
ball pit.
- Uh. now Todd. Todd...
- Toddler!
Play time is over. Captain Man.
Oh. wait. listen.
- It's the ice cream man!
- Yay!
I'll destroy you in a minute.
Come on. fellas. ice cream man!
I hope they have
mint chocolate chip.
- Captain Man!
- Henry!
It's Kid Danger.
Now. quick. how do I get
you down from there?
I don't know.
This is the first time I've been
trapped in a baby bouncer
over a bottomless ball pit.
- Try that lever.
- Right!
There was no ice cream truck!
Who tricked me?
And who's that boy
near my lever?
That's my sidekick. Kid Danger.
I didn't know you
had a sidekick.
Why don't I have a sidekick?
I want a sidekick!!
- You have us.
- Shut up! You're dumb.
- Uh. Kid Danger?
- Yeah?
Why don't you pull that lever?
- Oh. right.
- Noooooooo!
Whoa!
Squish the boy!
Get him! Get him!
Kid Danger. look out!
Oh. my God. he's got my thing
that goes Pffffft!
Get him!
Where's Henry?
I don't know. but I bet he's
having more fun than we are.
- Aloha.
- Hello?
Hello?
- Throw the truck!
- Come here!
Hey. I hate you.
Yeah. you will get it.
Captain Man!
- Look at you.
- Get him. Kid!
Gimme back my spit pistol.
Whoa!
Oh!
Go on! Get him!
You guys are seriously
the worst henchmen ever!
Kid Danger!
Ah!
You boys think you're so spiffy.
But have a look
at my bang bottle.
- Bang bottle?
- That's right.
And it's filled with
explody juice.
- Kid Danger. get outta here!
- I'm not leaving without you.
But that nipple is flashing.
No one leaves. Wahhhh!
Wahhhh!
Now we're all gonna
go boom together.
- What do we do?
- Push me. That way.
Help me! Get me out!
Oh. these balls smell
like feet and pee!
Ohhhhh!
Oh. this is it for me.
I've been hoisted
by my own petard!
- The bang bottle!
- Oh. man!
What do we do with this?
We give the baby his bottle.
Ah. good call.
- Hey!
- What's up?
- Hurry.
- Right.
Kid Danger!
Nice work. Kid Danger.
- You got skills.
- Thanks. Captain Man.
- Jasper!
- Oh. yeah.
You'd better get to
that birthday party.
Right.
Uh. Ray?
Will you do me a huge favor?
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Arf! Arf! Arf!
Roo! Roo! Roo!
Ah! Ah! Ah!
They've been doing that
for two hours.
My party's a flop.
I'm just gonna go upstairs
and sit in my closet
with my cat.
Pardon me?
My Man Van broke down
out there in the street.
so I walked into this house
and came down to this basement.
Holy. chunks. you're...
You're Captain Man!
- Thank you.
- You're my hero.
- Of course.
- Mine. too.
Um. I'm Charlotte.
Hi. Mr. Cap...
Maptain Can.
I mean...
- That's enough.
- I'm so sorry.
- And. um. I'm Henry.
- Nice to meet you. Henry.
- Hey. Captain Man?
- Yes? A question.
Can I hit you in the head
with a baseball bat?
Oh. no.
- No. no. it's okay.
- Woo!
But remember. kids.
never do this
to anyone but Captain Man.
because regular people
could be badly inj... Ow!
- Wow!
- I wasn't done talking.
- Did that hurt?
- Yeah.
But I'm okay.
Well. I should call a tow truck
to come pick up my Man Van.
Or. it's my best friend
Jasper's birthday party.
Oh! Oh! Yeah!
Yeah! It is.
You can stay and party
with us. if you wanna.
- Will there be soup?
- I'll open a can.
Then I'd love to stay
and party with you guys.
- Uh. Captain Man?
- Yes. boy?
Would it be cool. if Jasper
texted a few friends from school
and told them you were
here at his party?
Yeah. can I?
- Sure. I love being used.
- Oh! Oh! Oh!
- Yay!
- Wow. thanks!
This is like the coolest thing
that's ever happened to me.
Ha. ha. Are your hands
always this sweaty?
- Yes. sir.
- He takes medicine for it.
Well. it's not working.
- Hey. Jasper. rockin' party.
- Right.
I can't believe you got
Captain Man to come here.
Hey. we're buds.
right. Captain Man?
- Aren't we buds?
- We sure are. Billy.
Uh. that's just how
we kid around.
We call each other "Billy."
Back at ya. Billy!
Okay. okay. get the lights.
♪ Happy Happy Happy
Happy Birthday ♪
♪ Everybody wants to wish you
a Happy Birthday ♪
- Not bad.
- Yeah.
Well. make a wish.
- Oh...
- Do it!
Okay. switch on the lights.
- Happy Birthday. Jasper.
- Way to go.
Hey. where'd Captain Man go?
- He's gone.
- Aw. why'd he leave?
He probably had to go
do superhero stuff.
And you did break
a bat over his head.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
If it makes you feel any better.
me and Charlotte
got you something.
- What?
- Look.
Oh! You got me
the bucket?
It's a barrel.
Would somebody turn
on the music?
So. you happy with your party?
Heck. yeah. but for
a while there.
I thought you
weren't gonna come.
Come on. man. I'm always
gonna be here for ya.
I've gotta go!
Birthday boy!
Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells
http://UKsubtitles.ru.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm